Updated long usb3 cable trobuleshooting docs (#334)
luxonis/depthai-docs-website: source/pages/troubleshooting.rst

Intermittent Connectivity with Long (2 meter) USB3 Cables
#########################################################

We've found that some hosts have trouble with long USB3 cables (above 6ft/2m). It seems to have something to do with the
**USB controller on the host side**. For example, all Apple computers we've tested with have never exhibited the problem,

> as Apple computers have powerful USB controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as Apple computers have powerful USB controllers.
```

Note that Ubuntu 16.04 has an independent USB3 issue, seemingly only on new machines though. 

> We think this has to do w/ Ubuntu 16.04 being EOLed prior or around when these new machines having hit the market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We think this has to do w/ Ubuntu 16.04 being EOLed prior to or around when these new machines hit the market.
```

> For example, on this computer (`here <https://pcpartpicker.com/list/KTDFQZ>`__) has rampant USB3 disconnect issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this computer (`here <https://pcpartpicker.com/list/KTDFQZ>`__) has rampant USB3 disconnect issues
```

under Ubuntu 16.04 (with a 1 meter cable), but has none under Ubuntu 18.04 (with a 1 meter cable).

> So if you have see this problem with your host, potentially **3 options**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, if you experience this problem with your host, there are potentially **3 options**:
```

> #. Switch to a shorter USB3 cable (say 1 meter) will very likely make the problem disappear.  `These <https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07S4G4L4Z/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1>`__ 1 meter (3.3 ft.) cables are a nice length and are shipped with OAK USB3 variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Switching to a shorter USB3 cable (say 1 meter) will very likely make the problem disappear.  `These <https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07S4G4L4Z/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1>`__ 1 meter (3.3 ft.) cables are a nice length and are shipped with OAK USB3 variants.
```
